---
layout: post
title: "보유 기자재"
subtitle: ""
date: 2020-06-11 14:14:00 -0400
background: '/img/posts/06.jpg'
---


### <br> 보유 기자재 현황
##### <br> - Empatica E4 wrist band
###### : The E4 is a medical-grade wearable device that offers real-time physiological data acquisition, enabling researchers to conduct in-depth analysis and visualization.
---
##### <br>- Gazepoint GP3 HD Eye Tracker
###### <br>: The GP3 HD is a research-grade eye tracker utilizing a machine-vision camera at the heart of its imaging and processing system.
---
##### <br>- HTC VIVE PRO VR 
###### <br>: Built to meet the needs of today’s most demanding VR users, VIVE Pro is an easy-to-deploy PC-VR system that scales with your business and provides a rich feature set for hardcore gamers. From seated environments to expansive, multi-user deployments, VIVE Pro delivers high quality visual fidelity, powerful audio and an immersive experience.
---
##### <br>- Reco Beacon
###### <br>: Reco beacon is a small Bluetooth product that enables content to be provided using a Bluetooth signal. Among various products of beacon, I would like to use RECO beacon, which provides SDK and admin app.
---
##### <br>- MADV Madventure360
###### <br>: The Madventure 360 is a 360° panoramic digital action camera that offers 24MP effective pixels, 4k video recording. It can be used to build 3D Digital Twin.
---
##### <br>- Emotive EPOC+
###### <br>: The EPOC + is mobile EEG Brainwear device. It is designed for scalable and contextual human brain research and provides access to professional grade brain data.
---
##### <br>- FLIR  FLIR E4 Wi-Fi
###### <br>: The FLIR E4 Wi-Fi is an easy-to-use thermal imaging camera that offers 4,800 (80 X 60) pixel infrared resolution and MSX image enhancements.
---
##### <br>- GoPro  GoPro HERO7 Black
###### <br>: The GoPro HERO7 Black is digital action camera. We use it to get on-site image data for Vibraimage analysis.
---
##### <br>- Estimote  Proximity Beacon
###### <br>: The Proximity Beacon is provides a simplified yet comprehensive platform and reduced development time for product designers prototyping Bluetooth low energy beacons in real world use cases for the Internet of Things (IoT).
---
##### <br>- MbientLab  Wrist Band Kit for MMR
###### <br>: The Wrist Band Kit for MMR is a wrist worn device that provides recorded or real-time sensor data (Accelerometer, gyroscope, magnetometer, sensor fusion, barometer/pressure/altimeter, temperature, luminosity/ambient light).
